README.md, before:

Foresee
=======
*This is a Java porting of the original [ART C++ framework](https://bitbucket.org/unicalabs/art) from the University of Cagliari.*

This project is a modular machine learning framework, developed
by the University of Cagliari.

The project aims at reusability and extensibility of the code,
allowing third parties to add new functionalities, yet offering
a selected set of builtin functionalities of wide use.

## Structure

```
|- README.md
|- .gitignore
|- .idea/
|- it/unica/foresee/
|   |- datasets/
|   |- interpreters/
|   |- tests/
|   |- predictions/
|   |- Foresee.java
|
|- docs/
|- libs/
|- makefiles/
|- test-data/
```

## Requirements
- Java JDK (Tested on Oracle Java 8)
- Movielens dataset

## Research and improvements
- Ludovico Boratto <ludovico.boratto@unica.it>
- Salvatore Carta <salvatore@unica.it>

## Developers and contributors of the original version
- Nicola Atzei <atzeinicola@gmail.com>
- Mattia Cadeddu <mattia.cadeddu@gmail.com>
- Emanuele Ivaldi <emanuele.ivaldi@gmail.com>
- Gianluigi Sirigu *email not found*

## Java Porting developer
- Fabio Colella <fcole90@gmail.com>

Commit message:

Added apache commons math support

README.md, after:

Foresee
=======

This project is a modular machine learning framework, developed
by the University of Cagliari.

The project aims at reusability and extensibility of the code,
allowing third parties to add new functionalities, yet offering
a selected set of builtin functionalities of wide use.

*This is a Java porting of the original [ART C++ framework](https://bitbucket.org/unicalabs/art) from the University of Cagliari.*

## Structure

```
|- README.md
|- .gitignore
|- .idea/
|- it/unica/foresee/
|   |- datasets/
|   |- interpreters/
|   |- tests/
|   |- predictions/
|   |- Foresee.java
|
|- docs/
|- libs/
|- makefiles/
|- test-data/
```

## Requirements for development
- Java JDK (Tested on Oracle Java 8, 9)
- GraphViz
- Apache Commons Math 3
- JUnit 4
- Hamcrest
- Movielens dataset

## Requirements for execution
- Java JDK 8 or above
- Movielens dataset

## Research and improvements
- Ludovico Boratto <ludovico.boratto@unica.it>
- Salvatore Carta <salvatore@unica.it>

## Developers and contributors of the original version
- Nicola Atzei <atzeinicola@gmail.com>
- Mattia Cadeddu <mattia.cadeddu@gmail.com>
- Emanuele Ivaldi <emanuele.ivaldi@gmail.com>
- Gianluigi Sirigu *email not found*

## Java Porting developer
- Fabio Colella <fcole90@gmail.com>
